From Fantastic Uptown Burbank, Harmontown is now in session.
Let's put your groovy chicken hands together for the Game Master extraordinaire, Mr. Spencer
Crittenden. Hell yeah! Spencer is going to do a little freestyle for us to start the show off.
Hey guys, it's me, Spencer MC. Gonna rap really slow. If I do that, I might keep the flow.
That's all I got. I think I'm really bad at rapping. Put your hands together out there in
podcast land for the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon. Oh yeah. Thank you. The cotton has been
dropped. Did you hear that freestyle? Yeah, I couldn't hear all of it. I felt like it was good.
I felt like it was good enough to get us going. There might have to be a slow rap battle right now.
Yeah, I think we're got it. Spencer worked us up. Cut that shit. Oh, you scared. You runnin' scared.
Yeah, the refusal of a call, man. You runnin' from my slow fire. I got no problem admitting that.
We've heard my rapping the last six months. I mean, not that it was better before that,
but now it's gotten bad and sterile. I like it. It used to be interesting that I was a surgeon
that worked with a rusty spoon, and then I washed and cleaned the spoon and replaced it with one
from Target. Creatively speaking, it's still good. Don't mean to offend any Target employees out
there. Fight for 15. Minimum wage, socialism. Let's all share money until we die. Just not mine.
Hope you're in the mood for a bad show tonight. What are you going to do? Take your business
elsewhere? No, I'm going to go give $5 a month. How could it be bad? We got so many good things.
No, we got great things, but I just, I should, I said bad to be facetious. And self kind of
deprecating. I was, I was going to, what I really meant in my head was kind of a sleepy show, a low
energy show. Okay. I'm not real. I'm not feeling, I'm not excited. Remember when I was excited
about Killer B's and going into the lake? Oh, would that we could go back to then? By the way,
some, by the way, some guy tweeted me, you know, multiple tweet story about how a friend of his,
he's named after his best friend's dad who died in a bee attack. They found him drowned with bees
in his throat. He didn't say this directly, but I'm going to go ahead and assume that he was
trying to in your face us like a bee. Like, like, he's trying to save your life. No, he was trying
to say, I got you. I'm the guy you're looking for. I'm the guy at the story about a bee attack
where someone died because they jumped in water. Doesn't work. And like I told the guy on Twitter,
look, you brought your friend's dad's ghost into the courtroom. So I'm not being insensitive to
his life. I want your friend and his dad to be respected. But since, since he's exhibit A,
I have to be clinical about and say, this doesn't prove anything. I know that if Killer B's are
chasing you and you jump into water, they may be able to wait for you, monitor your carbon dioxide
bubbles. And when you stick your head above water, fly into your nose and mouth, sting you,
and, and effectively kill you. Like Jason Voorhees in the deleted scene of the Derek Mears version,
where Jason Voorhees just stands outside Crystal Lake, so that the woman who's trying to get away
from him by swimming, just she just slowly drowns. He's walking around. Yeah, she just keeps swimming
each side of Crystal Lake. And then Jason just walks around the lake and watches her drown. He's
like a one man beehive. Did they edit that out of the movie? I remember seeing that where he,
where he, I remember Derek, Derek describing that to me. And I was like, this confirms that this
Friday the 13th reboot will be not the final chapter. Because it sounds awesome. Someone,
someone thought of that. I like that. I like, I like it when brutality isn't just a torture porn
when it's more like, I guess it kind of is torture porn. Let's think of a new way to kill a lady.
All right. Well, I guess that franchise deserved to die. Okay. This was my, my friend could have
gotten more work. Did you watch any of those Winter Olympics, Dan? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Which
ones? I like the figure skating. Yeah. Why? The spinning, the triumph of the human will. Yeah.
Dan's going to get a sports corner in that thing.
Hey, Olympics. Yeah, I figure skating. Look, I'm not going to, I know it's 2018 and Dan Harmon
hasn't had a year where anyone's going to him for opinions about what's sexually titillating.
I'm not a popular source of that information. It's no longer charming for me to talk about the
things that make me excited. You don't have to like what you like without crossing a line.
No, it's just not charismatic. I know I'm allowed to do all kinds of stuff. Just saying,
I know, I know, I know that's not really what's for sale with me. But I, but I, but you brought
it up. Look, I figure skate, female figure skating outfits are how I wish everyone dressed in
normal life. Whoa, even you? Sure, I'll do anything. Yeah, it's just, it's very 80s. It's
very like the gauzy little skirts and the just the, and obviously, you know, but it's interesting
because I look at the outfits and the outfits are titillating, but it truly is. It clearly is
also the motion, the grace, you know, the things that are difficult that somehow are also that's,
it makes the person beautiful. So you keep going back and forth. Like, I will, since you guys are
subscribers and no one else is going to hear this, I will tell you, I did try to masturbate to
figure skating this year, just to see if I could. You tried unsuccessfully or? Well, I mean, I
didn't, I didn't like stay on it. I went, I ended up going to Pornhub premium and typing figure
skating. Right. Just because I was like, well, wait a minute, what if I was trying to masturbate
to a women's biathlon where they ski and shoot, but the MVC keeps going to commercial. Oh, yeah.
As long as we're objectifying Olympians, like, I, I, the, the, the, it's interesting, the, the
curling, everybody's crazy about the Korean curlers and the, I mean, the guys. The US men's
team. They're fetishizing. But there's also like the Swedish curlers. I mean, look, I'm now, now
I'm in territory where maybe Cody could get upset. Like, I think she can't get upset. Me talking
about outfits on figure skaters. So I don't want to, I don't want to go into the Swedish curling
team. We're talking about the men's or women's. Let's say the men. Okay. Get me out of this dog
house. All right. Let's move on. Now, while we're talking about curling outfits, I was very excited.
I was in Canada when the gold medal bout was happening between the US and was it the Swiss? I
believe. I think it's, I think it was the Swiss. It was the Swiss. And I was so happy that the men
won because they'd never won. And Canada has never lost. There was the first Olympics where
Canada didn't get a medal in curling or hockey for the men. And I was very excited. And then I was
talking to church and two of the guys had red ball caps on. One guys was the bill was rounded
like, like a ball player. The other guys was kind of flat, like kind of a MAGA, like Trumpy hats.
And I kind of put a little bit of like, I spent, I think the hours between one and two a.m. in
Vancouver, Googling and searching through Twitter to see if the men's curling team were
Trumpies. I don't want to ask the curling questions that everybody asks. Why is it a sport? Like,
why, since it is a sport, why hasn't anyone gotten so good at putting the puck where it belongs
that you actually need sweepy people to guide it to its spot? Like, why wouldn't it be the best
strategy of all? You put a little spin on it. And the stone starts to curl. But the sweeping
you just can speed it up and actually give it a little kind of furrow to go into. You can give
it like left or right angle. You could say all of these things about a dart in the air, like
there's it's not part of darts that a helicopter comes down and like lassoes the dart or someone
blows on it. It's not part of shuffleboard that someone like oils the path in front of the
shuffleboard puck. Why is why is curling not just like a person that doesn't know what a freeze or
a draw or a draw weight. Like I said, I'm not gonna I'd be a total hypocrite to suggest that
something's more Olympic than something else. I don't care. If the kids are having a good time,
I'm happy for them curling. It's really about the yardage. But I am I am kind of surprised. It's
about the figure skating to all about the yard. Do you think that figure skating will ever be and
I almost like I'm such a pervert that about my figure skating that I I almost feel like I'm
like I'm causing trouble for myself by bringing it up. But you can't help but sit there in these
changing times and watch figure skating ago. It just seems like a bit of a throwback at this point.
A throwback for which I am eternally grateful. But but I like isn't it kind of actually remarkable
that we that that no one's come in and gone put some pants on these women for God's sakes. We
see the guys can skate in pants. What do we why we keep dressing them like playboy bunnies. Well,
I don't think any any sport that's like inspired a hit is up for revision. Yeah, it's worth a lot
of money. And also like you don't but it's probably also it's it'll be slow to change
because of the amount of discipline. Like no one's changed how ballet dancers carry themselves
like they're it's such an it's such a difficult honor to become a ballet dancer in you know of
right that that no one along the way is like going to allow themselves to be distracted by
questions about whether they should be doing this thing that they've been doing since they've been
three years old. It is crazy. I mean I've heard that there's like something called the quad jump
that's changing up the figure skating game. Yeah, the forget her name US figure skater land
of the first quad in women's like she's the only woman's figure skater that's land of the quad.
Something like that. I will say this is the year that I finally I think it's part of it's like
getting middle age like maybe my hormones have tapered enough that I really am just noticing
how beautiful how graceful you know I'm like appreciative of the actual discipline and like
probably also just like well these Olympics only happen in whatever decade what is it four years
something like that. Well two years per summer winner but four years per event you see it. Four
year Olympia. Okay so well four years ago I was I was a real douche. Yeah but and I was probably
still just like that's hot. You hadn't even thought about how you still are but now I'm kind
well I still am but now I'm like that's hot plus because of grace. Yeah right but that is the sport
like that gracefulness like I mean you know like you said it's like ballet but like that is you
know that's that's I think what the judges are looking for and stuff so that is yeah that's what
they are mastering definitely. Yeah do you think we need to see their their legs in sheer
I think they want to right that's probably in order to be able to see that they're like pulling
off like twirls they want to do it like yeah I think the angles the lines I think that's that's
all part of it I think but also I think there's a heritage to that where it's all about this kind of
there's a heritage there's a lot of things that were good under the microscope this year
savory uh to name a few I hate the Olympics yeah the five thousand yard witch hunt
Salem Olympics but I well is that what just one more thing about it dunking I think thank you to
all the figure skaters out there that are working diligently and spend their lives
disciplining but especially just the ones that don't opt for the for the flesh colored over the
skate uh tight pant thing that turns your leg into an ice skate I like the speed skaters because
they get out there with giant ass knives in their feet and they're right they're riding right close
to each other when they wipe out it's just knives flying around and they just go sailing into a
like into a padded wall and it's like it's it's pretty exciting I'm shocked that these people
can get the knives in their feet all of them god bless them I mean that's that's I've been on ice
skates like it's fucking I can't even roller skate without like breaking my ass roller skating is
10 times easier than ice skating that's how crazy ice skating is it's like you just get out there
and you just I I still just like I'll just stand on my ankles like I just I don't just wait until
we figure out it's not a good idea let me do this all right well that's enough of that
okay uh let's uh Dan yeah let's hit a rap beat you you visibly lost weight since I've last seen
you really he's dropped a he's dropped a belt size for real no for real I had to punch it
you had to punch it well I don't know that I had to oh yeah you're such a good assistant
you had to punch a new hole in his belt yeah yeah you have like you have a leather all on
you at all times no I borrowed a knife I started working out every other morning in January of
2018 and I then I basically have now been doing it every morning every month every other morning
I add weights with Dave Kline from Harmontown I like that he's kind of just this awesome bearded
guru in the foreground and you're in front of a green screen and I haven't figured out people keep
to keep people on the feed dig I was like take on tell Dave Kline to take his shirt off and he's
like nope it's not about me brother it's about Dan and I'm like but also come on I he's a personal
trainer if Dave I mean what do you think he's rocking under that shirt it can't be a washboard
right if he if he if he takes his shirt off it's over for him yeah it can't be a washboard
are you being sarcastic no I'm just gonna say it just to put it out there that I think that
he's I issue I right here as comptroller of Harmontown uh United States of America Planet
Earth uh issue a challenge Dave Kline take that shirt off take it off we should have him on here
he can take his shirt off on here I mean that's that I don't know all right well let's uh let's uh
let's let's let's let's continue our fitness uh theme of the evening by bringing up uh my
brother in uh body type um and uh and also in genius I'd argue really like we can we can talk
about this I think I think we're both equally genius let's bring up uh walking dead creator Robert
Kirkman Robert Kirkman everybody you you pick a stool do you pick a mic closer one yeah do whatever
you want here RK when I'm going home oh well that's I mean I'd rather we could stop everybody
we'd be sorry to see you go but it's within your right the world is your red carpet that would be
awesome that would be amazing are you sick are you sick of being uh uh having guys like me uh just
talk about you like a hunk of money like like oh like that's okay right like fantastic I know you're
a human being I just I'm proud to to know a guy from the fucking 90s black and white comic book
world that that turned it into like something I mean Kevin Eastman yeah fuck Kevin Eastman
what's he done with his life you don't even hear about the turtles anymore it's not like
they're like on television every week or something it's ridiculous it's crazy but uh but no no I mean
that's uh you know it's a little weird it's not something I think about 24 7 so when people say
it I'm kind of like oh yeah but if you're not the only one it happens a lot to tell just tell us
something like in the last well I don't know something that sticks out in your head as a moment
when you're like Jesus Christ that's really rich about yourself that you were like someone came
up to you uh and said can I have a car and you were like yeah and then as they drove away you're
like whoa that's not me I can't believe I gave that guy a car I've never given anyone a car well I mean
given family members cars I'm trying to think of an example like so I so I can pay the way for you
don't worry about that yeah I did this Robert have you ever given anybody a free iPad and not
lorded it over them yeah you have me too that's actually very interesting to hear yeah I wouldn't
I wouldn't like that's a like a that's a little shitty thing to do is I like uh yeah that's something
you did Dan no Dan didn't actually give anyone an iPad he just let him borrow it yeah but he did
he did make him feel bad about it yeah I heard this on the previous episode I uh I buy every Apple
TV movie no I don't rent it I just buy it because I want to watch them on my other my other devices
but that's not normal that's a rich that's a rich guy thing sure yeah every Apple TV movie or just
the ones you like there's a couple that I'll just rent if it's like a found footage Canadian horror
movie probably like okay I'll rent this so maybe it's psychotic I'll go ahead and admit that but
I will often you know buy movies on iTunes but at the same time if I catch my wife buying something
on iTunes like a real housewives of wherever and I know it's available on another app that
we subscribe to for free I'll be like hey come on why are you doing that we wasting that three
dollars for yeah I won't like yell at her anything but I will annoy her to a point where yeah she
gets mad at me you're not being miserly that's uh that's a that's a redditor thing that's your
ass be brain like it's a logic addiction you're like you can't check hulu you can't check hulu
before you buy this thing on don't fall for the apple trap yeah our demographic has the highest
ratio of uh wait I don't know how to phrase it it's the the highest ratio of disposable income to
total unacceptance of like throwing money away like it's like like I've never seen people that are
probably pretty rich uh talk so meticulously about what they're getting for three dollars here
two dollars there like it's not it's not even cheapness it is it's like because they'll give
fifty dollars to the Red Cross if they see a hurricane like they're good people that they're
not miserly but if they're addicted to uh logic they don't want to be a sucker exactly yeah and I
did the math one time I was you know I was like well if she bought one or two a week for an entire
year we're looking at like a hundred dollars all right quit making your wife mad at you but yeah
I still I still do it sometimes anytime I do the math I'm like man none of this matters anytime I do
the math it's like this doesn't add up to I shouldn't have even done the math let me ask
some walking dead questions that I've been afraid to ask oh like what happens after they leave the
prison I've been afraid to ask that because it makes me a bad friend almost every question
that you could ask like that they find another well is they some of them die
I see there's a guy with a bat that has barbed wire on the bat now that he looks like he's
gonna be a problem you don't watch the show I haven't watched it since they left the prison it's
not because I know that's fine that in fact was the high point you can ask you know we don't need
you I don't I know you don't and I but ask ask Gimple Scott Gimple I I went to dinner with him
and I was like holy it was right after the prison you know what happened when they left the prison
that's when Scott Gimple took over a showrunner so your buddy you haven't watched any of his
episodes at all yeah I was it yeah I guess maybe he accepted the praise and he shouldn't have but
yeah I was like man you guys are nailing it yeah and I and then I and then you just I don't know
maybe I look I haven't watched it let me do a run through so they leave the prison and then
they go to this place called Terminus and then I'm not gonna recap Robert no offense I don't
watch a lot of TV shows I've never seen one second of walking dead even how many seasons has this
been on for we we're just starting the back half of season eight Jesus Christ but also that's it's
almost more walking dead than anyone can add that's a strong eight because there's also like three
shows coming off of it there's a there's a cooking dead walking there's a there's a there's a cooking
dead chopped junior for just kids who make food who are zombies um Chris Hardwick like like sits
in a bathtub and talks about walking dead in two different shows and then there's an actual other
walking dead show there's a scripting dead where they just show pages from the script and they just
slowly turn that could be huge how how how has how is fear of the walking dead uh there's no of
right oh fear fear okay that would be yeah and even I know that fear of the walking dead that
that does start automatically like a worse show because it's like it could just be people in a
room I ain't going outside I'm not going outside like I hear there's zombies out there there might be I have fear of the walking dead I'm staying indoors
how how has that been uh critically creatively financially run through the metrics check check and
check I don't know it's all been fine it's still on everybody's happy with it yeah yeah we just started
our well we're working on a fourth season it'll start right after season eight we got uh Andrew
Chambliss and uh Ian Goldberg taking over his showrunners this season uh we got this character
Morgan from walking dead that's going to be jumping over a few of the walking dead so there's some crazy
stuff jump over yeah yeah it's going to be it's going to be a cool new season oh I hope Morgan
doesn't judge them for being such scary cats I think he will he's kind of a jerk that Morgan he's
going to be like guys come outside it's fine I've been up to my ears in these things and you're you
have a show about being scared of them what is this it's like it's like when uh it's like when
Jerry Orbach went over to uh uh the trial by jury law and order it's like a kind of retirement it's
a golden parachute for this Morgan character yeah yeah pretty much he's gonna go chill out and be
scared of the walking dead yeah we gotta we gotta establish that we're moving him from walking dead
show to walking dead show so that when we put up a new show it's like okay and now Morgan's going
to this one too how many walking deads are there like I mean how many zombies like how many of
the walking dead like population wise I don't I don't keep those numbers I mean just like ball
park it for me I don't know like a billion billion who knows so like he's gonna get in a lot of
trouble just for riffing that number it's gonna be like a 90 I'm gonna get somebody's like wait a
minute hold on a billion it can't be a billion yeah clearly not shown this much it's not gonna no
region wouldn't have that's gonna be worse any new season that comes out they're gonna be like
based on the billion zombies that we know are on this planet this can't possibly be the amount of
zombies that are in this Walmart or like whatever they're gonna be billion zombie benchmark of 2018
on Harmontown well someone did the math I can't remember exactly how it broke down but
it was like if 10 percent of the population remained human and they each killed like five
zombies a week and every other living person was turned into a zombie they would kill all the
zombies in like 11 months it's like some kind of some kind of crazy are the walking dead fans
this is such a dumb question but maybe it'll start a conversation
let's hope because it seems like it's got what are walking dead fans compared to other fandoms
you've seen are they are they more or less obsessed with stuff like that or are they more like chill
like it's not about the science or are they just this different shades I mean there are
you know I get I get those essays right you know you clearly meant this was going to happen
that's why it was a dumb question this and yeah but I mean there's you know there's there's there's
chill fans and there's really crazy fans which I think are awesome I mean anytime I get a
goddamn like 30 page book report on like a two minute scene I'm like man it's the best thing
I've ever seen I'll read them I'll read the whole thing I'm like this is insane I won't read them
but I'm like cha-ching sounds like I still got it I'm still immersing them I still it's like
it's like if you ran a casino when you see somebody on the sidewalk crying you're like
fuck I still got it so Dan you didn't read my 20 page essay on community uh no no I mean I thought
I was offended by the title I thought it was uh you know we all we all missed Donald you don't
have to uh if I can dig into the show when it's at its weak point um the uh but uh are you okay
shifting gears ever so slightly though you got you just also finished you're just telling me
right before we came on 15 years of Invincible yes your other comic book yeah yeah the last
issue came out uh last week I think did it did did he become invincible yeah he died no no
they lived happily ever after it was pretty lame but uh because if you only lived for 15 years
that's not even Invincible that's like I can do that I did it three times already
fair point fair point no he did not die at the end of the book spoiler alert is it easier
hard to end uh end a 15 year long comic book series uh it was pretty I don't know it was
difficult in that uh I mean when I was writing the last issue I kept coming up with more ideas
for the next issue oh yeah stop brain this is not what we're doing right what are you doing uh
and then it just made me sad because you know I've been living with these characters for you said
you were writing a script every month they get you for 15 years including the nine years that you
didn't have to do it anymore or anything you could have run in the street naked and said I'm
Robert Kirkman arrest me and no one would be allowed to me because of the money yeah yeah uh
yeah I don't know I try to ignore that kind of stuff also you know if you sit down and do the math
it's like all right I'm gonna be broke by like 62 I'm hoping to live longer than 62 come on you have
you have drew carry money by now as in like you have so much money true or false that I could host
prices right that if you put in all his money that he's giving away is that what you're saying
well I think Drew's being smart and going like he's gonna he didn't want to he didn't want to be
caught here I don't think he was like running I'm so rich sometimes I watch the prices right and
I'm like really that's all you guys are excited over that yeah exactly that's one bigger race
eroni um who cares what it costs sticking up your ass stupid housewife um the 225 the the uh
why did he say that it's the price of rice eroni oh oh I thought you said it's 825 I was like
jeez when did you become a fucking runtime Nazi wow I thought you were like I thought you were like
come on keep the show I was like you know we don't do anything I was making my bid on rice eroni
okay well I'm projecting yeah ashamed of the show I don't think it's a very good we get back to me
yes um thank you thank you the but but 15 years every month like like I and we can segue into
bringing up an old friend of ours uh for better or for worse like I mean I watched Schrab work that
circuit like I mean that's it's pretty remarkable that you kept doing it and truly yeah you didn't
have to anymore I mean it's weird I don't want to get sentimental or anything but it is the
thing I love to do I mean it's the thing I wanted to do when I grew up and and I and I you know was
fortunate enough to do it I don't care about television right well yeah I like that walking
dead is a show I enjoy working in it it's a it's a fun thing money's great uh but you know my true
passion is comic books and so to I mean being able to do a story for 15 years was all I ever wanted
as a kid you know you read Peter David's incredible Hulk run or Walt Simonson's run on Thor or any
of these other books that most people who who are listening to this probably have no idea what I'm
talking about uh but uh uh you know it's something that uh you know I always grew up going oh my
god wouldn't it be nice to be able to do that and so you know to get to a point where I could do it
and to stop you know my inner child would have been angry yeah I guess I don't have that I'm like
what's like hot like like no no passion I mean I like I always liked writing but it's because it
made me feel safe from a planet of fucking drooling idiots that were otherwise kill me timing like
like like I was like oh god they seem to enjoy when I do this like they're the bloodlust in their eyes
like simmers down for a second I might make it to retirement but now I'm like how do I get out
let me out anyways let's bring up Rob Schrab oh yeah
when it's time for Schrab and he's coming you need Rob Schrab
he's Rob Schrab he's coming in his own by lo hello thank you for letting me in Robert
wasn't my choice my two comic book buddies yes my two artists
up here hey you guys tonight two of the most successful comic book artists
just the two most successful comic book artists
would be gone off the face of the earth um if a bomb blew up in the middle of this building
right now two of the most successful comic book artists ever in comic books would be no more off
the face of the earth you were saying damn this bomb starting to sound more and more appealing
oh yeah you have no idea uh I learned how to draw women
whoa here we go their chins are thinner yeah uh that's fair no I've been I've been uh I've
been doing like Dan Reddit's gonna fucking eat that up tomorrow man I've been I've been doing well
your chin doesn't have to be thin if you you don't have you also don't have to be a woman
look I'm woke uh you even have to have a chin yeah don't have one I'll mail your chin to me
and I'll call you a hero on tumblr I'm not fucking I'm fucking beyond woke I'm so woke
like I'm on Adderall um the uh actually I think I forgot to take it that's why that's why the
show sucks um it doesn't it doesn't suck no it sucks it's totally fine I I've I've I've
I've done terrible things before the uh uh but I've been learning to draw via youtube tutorials
I kind of like I never now that is where I go why well because because because it's like it's a
it's a it's a genuine like it's a hobby like I just no requirement I'll have passion for writing a
comic book for 15 years but I think having a hobby is a waste of time well that's because well that
sounds like you you you I'm envious of you because you you you for you obviously both in terms of
your longevity and the quality of your output and your continued and the and the healthy glow in your
eyes um like and your lustrous coat um you you clearly are a person who my therapist would
would say to me see Dan he doesn't turn what he loves into a nightmare so that he can be more
comfortable doing it like he doesn't have a fucked up relationship with what he loves that's all
like that's that's all you got going on so you don't need a hobby good for you what do you do
fuck off well now you make me now I feel terrible the hell Robert you don't have a you don't have a
hobby like a little side thing you do like model airplanes or you like to do like uh you're like
a pet groomer or nothing you just draw on right pretty much yeah yeah I mean I've got the two
kids so uh that takes up all the non-working time so yeah so yeah so you're spending time with my
kids is that a hobby does that count no that's kind of a hobby that makes drawing and writing a hobby
probably but but for you a lucrative one that lets you have yeah it is definitely the old cliche of
man I can't wait for those vacations over so I can get back to work yeah yeah god fuck you
no that is good I mean and and and and everybody that I say like I want to retire you know they go
like you're never gonna retire end in a fist fight yeah yeah the world's slowest saddest
least necessary fist fight which is both like no one got hurt it just they fought for a long time
and no one got hurt it descends into a shoulder rub that's not even that good I was I was I was in
a Laguna beach bar fight and that's exactly what it was I Cody was so impressed he's like I can't
believe you got up and intervened I'm like no one it was that's like jury duty there's a there was a
an old guy and then like this like middle-aged guy like I couldn't tell which one voted for Trump
I had no idea obviously someone did or this wouldn't be happening they were like yelling they started
yelling at each other and then and then at one point they both stood up and they're like me and
the other two dudes in the bar both like like rolling our eyes like got up off the bar still was
like really slowly and shuffled over there to break up two guys who were never actually going
to fight because they're both so old it was a Laguna beach bar fight and the funny thing is
like Cody was like she's like wait I can't tell which one was the good guy which one was the bad
guy so she was trying to like eavesdrop on the loudmouth guy to see was he a loudmouth liberal
that pissed off the old coot conservative or is that an old hippie who whose side we're on and
is he like some kind of like flashy like loud drunk like a right-wing guy who's feeling his
oats we couldn't and and and she kept she kept trying to be able to tell from the things she was
overhearing him say what which one he was and it was kind of like it's Pat sketch because
you can say things like well now you sound like a libertarian and we still don't know what you are
you're just equally outraged anyways at that it's it was funny at the time but it's it's really
not the best use of your time what else happened let me ask you next oh uh there's another walking
dead question when it first came on uh fx i were they were advertising it i'm like i'm so excited
mc uh really i want i want i've seen him watch it like he has watched american movie classics that
doesn't make any sense i i agree i've seen him read the comic they don't make television shows
what other television show have they i know okay the uh never seen the classic movie the walking
dead tv show when i saw the the um when i saw the ads coming i think like an idiot i was like oh i'm
so excited i'm gonna catch up on the i'm gonna reread the the trade paperbacks that i have
which it was a dumb move because the first like season was a pretty faithful like rigorously
faithful adaptation to the point where i was like so you're reading the comic you were bored
i was like i was like well no i was like well i was reading the comics in advance of watching the
show like because i was like watching the tv show i was like well i already know that guy's racist
i read that that's all then i got excited when it started deviating i was like oh they're gonna
deviate was there a big conversation about that and what side were you on and how did that go
no i mean it's i mean it's it's a weird it's a whole it's a weird process because i'm in the
writer's room a lot more on the earlier seasons and uh you know they're talking about like well
we can't do this because that's that didn't really work oh oh sorry robert i mean you know it worked
fine but you know the you know so it's like a little awkward sometimes but uh but i mean i really
enjoyed it and and it's uh it's very humbling to be in a room of writers that are picking apart
you know the thing that you wrote and and trying to turn into a tv show i think the only way i was
able to keep my sanity is because uh you know i started walking up when i was 23 and then you
know i'm like 28 or so when the show started and so it was stuff that was like five years of my
rear view and so i could be like yeah look that didn't work i wasn't you were you were at yeah
that probably kept you from punching them in the face that's just the self-loathing sure right yeah
but uh but then and i was always the one that would push to change things because uh i don't
know if i'm an asshole or or what but i i i mean i i love being surprised and it's one of the things
i i enjoy most out of my entertainment like when i don't see something coming it's that's when i'm
like oh that's the best stuff i wish i had paid an actor to be dressed as a zombie i'm like come
lumbering out here right now behind you just to scare me yeah i ain't scared of zombies but uh it
wouldn't surprise you it probably happens all the time on these panels we could have had rob come
out there and do a zombie bit yeah coming yeah instead of doing this rob what's going on like
you you're you're uh let's bring rob on well you let's bring rob's rob on but so anyway
robert let me tell you about what i did in laguna beach let's hear it well rob sits here
here well well okay so you're so so ostensibly shimmy felon going let's bring on dick cavitt
dick cavitt come on here here we go so anyway let me talk to everybody else but dick cavitt
what doesn't make any sense and you're also i've been talking to this fucking guy about walking
dead for the last five minutes when you roll your eyes within my eye shot are you guys i i'm in your
eye shot you're being i'm in your eye whatever you directors call it i don't give a fuck fucking art
school pussies sorry robert that's okay i could feel you rolling your eyes man it's not it's not
kind i wasn't rolling my eyes feel the view that's what it's called feel anyways like Schrab
your equal parts mad that i'm talking about laguna beach and that i'm talking to our guests
robert kirkman so i don't think you're a hero here let's not high road me about my hosting skills
okay if i if i do an in-depth charlie kaufman or charlie kaufman what do you call him what's the
charlie rose charlie rose interview uh uh with robert kirkman you're gonna be you're gonna be more
sad than than all the laguna beach anecdotes in the world would make you you'd be you'd be you'd be
incensed yeah what's going on with you well i don't know what what do you mean i got one of those
bidet toilet seats that you have but it won't fucking great it won't fit on my toilet you got
like a bidet doesn't fit on my toilet it didn't fit on the toilet you gotta make that when do you use
a bidet come on went to a hotel that had a boat uh bidet whoa and uh did not enjoy that do you
have a fancy bathroom no not really whoo just too wet so so you there's an attachment you can put
on your existing toilet you take your toilet it's a new toilet seat that you are that's comes with
the toilet then you put the new one on it's got a heated it's a heated seat because i've been on
yours and yours is like this weird like it plays you music it like it massages you there's a lot
of buttons on that yeah yeah i need to upgrade need to uh you get to the bidet apple store and
upgrade that shit get me some get me some new apps you know what you guys share as artists is a
is a very storyboard style whoa thank you dan thanks so i don't care much for bidets
so what happens is you you put a thing on you take your toilet seat off you put this piece
of machinery on it and there's a little hose that shoots water up your butt yeah it's more of a nozzle
it's a nozzle it's like an upside down spray bottle how do you work on the aim of those things i mean
i was at a hotel i imagine you can adjust but you gotta rock it back and forth you gotta get like
oh you move during it that's interesting because i was doing wrong you don't have to but i do
you're a master i was in india recently and a lot of bidets a lot of bidets but not as we stayed
in very like um you know because it was an english colony for so long very very westernized hotels
so there were no bidets in hotels we stayed at but a couple of the places we went to
like nice restaurants in nice areas in the men's room i'm assuming the women's room too
there was just a hose like a garden hose with it's like a nozzle a squeeze nozzle yeah and it's just
laying on the floor next to the toilet and like that's and there's no paper that's not clean there's
no paper at all so you're supposed to get up and just hose off your butt and then you got a wet
butt and you pull your pants up i i i would you or do you just drip dry like there's people outside
waiting to hose it off there but you just bring you just bring naan into the bathroom with you
you're pretty so you see now that's i see i i i i bring some pop it down is that not okay i bring
the pop it down because it's a little lighter and flakier that must that must be they must be
that must be some good indian food if they got like hoses for your butt yeah yeah it's food so
spicy you're going to want to hose your asshole yeah but given the choice between a rule of toilet
paper and it but you can't have both given a choice you choose water i'm talking about restrooms at
nice restaurants that had no paper at all anywhere and like you couldn't even go and get a paper tell
them bring it into the thing with you you had a hose on the ground right that presumably everybody
that's ever taken a poop there has recently used well and you gotta you don't stick it up your butt
you stand up and you rinse your asshole off but like it looks it looks it looked dry so people
know how to do that without spraying down the whole building well because they know they probably
they haven't had a toilet paper culture for like from rich to poor like they just don't use toilet
paper yeah but then you i somebody help me out go into a hole into the toilet bowl have you seen
slump dog millionaire it goes to india yeah but but like it didn't look wet and people had been
pooping in there i i mean obviously they know how to do it delicately but then i my main thing is
now you got a wet butt and a wet crotch and then you just pull up your wet poopy drawers and go
but they're not poopy they just go back to have desserts ostensibly they're just wet come on
we've all taken a big giant shit and then gotten right in the shower right at least once god yeah
you have to just for the thrill of it you just go like you know what not wiping yeah gotta gotta
take a shower anyway no no no i've never done that then i haven't either no you haven't done that
not not me not it not you kirkman come on look at us oh i've i've taken a bad i've taken a shit
so bad that i then had to take a shower afterwards even after i've cleaned up just yeah but that's
after no way there's no way i've handled this how old are you kids uh there'll be uh there's
eleven and eight they're about to turn nine and twelve so so both uh boys older boy younger girl
oh see i shit in the shower so and then i i don't know the worst sound we can go to the toilet
bowl and we can unpack my reaction for next 30 minutes with the toilet bowl water i mean even
if we don't go to the creepy creepy place it's just a dumb reaction to have it's a standard biological
amount of diversity yeah two kids one's a boy one's a girl oh i'm gonna give you the old seven
ten split a i'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt that that to me that was you making a sound
to cover the fact that you could not care less about my children and you regretted asking that
question no i didn't i didn't ask about kids i don't care about kids you're half right it was it was
a it was a standard uh bad interviewer nervous tick like i need to have a reaction with uh but
i didn't regret asking it because i'd love to talk to a genius about having kids because
i it's uh i'm not to put you on the spot but i'm sure you're gonna say things that no one's ever
said let's hear it how old are you when you had your first child uh oh uh 27 oh that's respectable
edge yeah it's a solid third baseline and and and my wife hates it when i talk about it but you
know i'm from kentucky and um you know everybody has kids when they're like 21 22 23 so we were
we were we were late late in the game at 27 yeah yeah yeah us to wisconsin same thing i mean it's
kind of like you not you know basically like the two cities that dinosaurs and uh king kong don't
attack in the movies wait or do attack those are the only exceptions everywhere else i think people
get married pretty pretty quickly after high school yeah you know it's the king kong and the
godzilla factor that really um now that's not keeps uh why do you keep having him on yeah
yeah thank you i keep asking the same thing the whole time i keep thinking he'll bring my ipad back
i think i keep getting texts from levy like oh are you coming are you bringing are you coming
rob can i are you still starting are you gonna you're gonna be here you're gonna be here you're
still starting are you on your way are you still coming right it's because we're worried about you
we had to we had to have Schrab on for uh the third installment do you think that psychologically
the reason i'm 44 and haven't had children is because i grew up in a place that's so likely
to get king kong or godzilla or meteor attacked because i know it's bleak yeah well why have a
child if you know that any moment you're gonna get armageddon godzilla yeah timie lee jones is
going to be on your doorstep screaming about something new york and los angeles more so
los angeles than new york geostorm because new york has people that lift things and fish for
things but you know like these two big cities people go to them because they're like still
not given up on their fucking like i'm gonna i'm still a baby i'm gonna i'm gonna have a big
pacifier in my mouth it's gonna be made a solid gold and sometimes i can take till you're 45
it's interesting to be twice the age of the average Rick and Morty viewer and to be like
oh this person would be my kid if i had kids when my wisconsin dna kind of
said that it was time to have kids like this would be my kid and he's an idiot
and he likes your show that does not make you smart it doesn't make you stupid but it doesn't
make you smart no no it's a popular show a lot of idiots love it i like it isn't your friend church
isn't ross your buddy i'm not sure ross marquine somebody said that one of my friends makes it
somebody was like calling me out because i like i made fun of some kid that said some shitty crap
about my girlfriend like you know it says go whatever go ahead make fun of my girlfriend
or make fun of me for being she's too hot to be with me so she must be a gold digger good
look uh first amendment uh engaged and now i get to fucking abuse you verbally like with all of my
kevin spacey fucking venom gland that i never get to inject into a warner brothers executive so
okay good here it is you're a piece of fucking human garbage and your parents must be ashamed of
yourself and then the 40 000 like comments of whoa you didn't put them on blast must be nice
to have 200 000 followers i don't give a fuck if any of you live or die stop telling me how to
react what happened what happened just now but here's something well i'm trying to i think you
should keep that ipad and zombies are followers in a way aren't they trying to get to my point i'm
gonna pay for it trying to get to my point so it says somebody somebody then somebody i noticed
that it's like i went back to one of the instagram things uh and i'm like looking through the aftermath
of when i like like put a kid on blast on the rig as the fam says um and uh and it says like
i'm less good or bad there's a bunch of like you didn't put them on blast bro put them on blast
that seems like punch it down to put them on blast i'm like yeah fuck go where you clap it you can
all go fuck yourselves can i just interrupt you just to say that being put on blast sounds like the
coolest thing like i know it does sound like it's like an aqua fresh commercial i've been put on
blast say call it be put on blast cool get gets you out of bed trying to put your teeth on blast
that sounds like the new drop in loads you know quip puts your teeth on blast with its new vibrating
toothbrush head that you get in the mail absolutely fantastic you've been put on blast i the person
said in the instagram comment that that that caught my attention was uh hey uh yeah why and you wonder
why it is that you have such shitty fans in response to me being shitty to one of my shitty fans
like in other words oh i'm such a toxic person that i'm gonna go ahead and tell a kid to go
fuck himself for being a piece of garbage to my girlfriend oh that explains everything that's why
i have shitty fans yeah they're the shadow i cast by being a shitty person or it's a popular show
and everyone's an idiot everyone on adult swim is a fine member of society until rick and morty
came if i self actualize i'll create a show that has perfect fans and then i'll engage with all of
them on the internet and not kill myself ever flow dollar that's a reasonable expectation right now
like not trump and not like the administration but like who right now like something a little
more obscure if you could put anybody on blast right now well kirken was putting me on blast
what did i do i'm being a boring guest have you put me on blast god i know you're boring
incredibly our guests are jack you gotta beat i say we have a blast off right now i say i say i
say dam put put either robert kirkman or anybody else on blast just doesn't know it on like get
it off your chest i know yeah i'm blast it's kind of like doxing right it's sort of like i don't
think it's i always have been put on blast it's like sickening your fans on it's kind of like
clapping back with facts clapping back the facts yeah have you ever clapped back with facts no i
haven't clapped back with facts oh have you tried equal facts yo have you heard of a clapped back
with facts attack yo have you heard of a big mac attack no have you heard of a quack attack yo
i'm a duck with two web feet gonna rap real soon and rap real neat gonna tell you about a quack attack
clap back attack big mac attack gonna do the smack attack i need more heroin in my veins even though
i'm a duck i can't explain i can't explain why i want to trip on drugs because i live on the rug
but i can fly when i want to eat a chicken i can do what i want to up in the air like an
all-terrain chicken all-terrain chicken all-terrain chicken i'm a duck put it on my bill motherfucker
all-terrain chicken so now hell yeah just to clarify for our audience who was on blast during
that ducks or i think max big max big max big max a lot of the kids don't know this but the in
the golden age of rap 1980 uh the the rap i think was rappers delight there was somebody that
begins with like a little dialogue exchange and somebody's like hey man have you ever heard of
a rap attack and the other person's like what i've heard of a big mac attack but i hadn't heard of no
rap attack well a rap attack is but and they're like they're explaining what a rap attack is they
haven't even explained what rap is yet all right maybe they're trying also they're promoting mcdonald's
it's weird yeah like put put them on blast you should be rapping about mcdonald's i i i think i
mean i'm not sure i'm getting what what on blast is right well all right you want to be put on
blast wait a minute spencer i trust you you're the youngest one up here what is what is being put
on blast exactly i think maybe dan should put jeff on blast okay zack you can tell zack drop a beat
hey yo yo oh wait yo are you about to put me on blast just listen pay attention
am i about to put you on blast yo this motherfucker wants to know if i'm gonna put him on blast
i'm glad you asked because that question is how blast is asked yo your ass is unblast i'm so glad
you asked if you're gonna put on blast because ass rhymes with blast i'm glad you asked now and
you're on blast blast asked asked the blast you just asked for blast now you're on blast you're
on blast we're asking i'm blasting and my hip flaskin drank some vodka now i'm gonna say your
mama should have gone away she did that's not uh jeff's mom actually died in real life she died
when i was 13 but go on now you're on blast motherfucker for being an orphan yo this guy got
no parents anymore both his mom and his dad have to go my dad my dad is still alive all right then
your dad's unblast yo professor davis ignatius ignatius davis i'm here to say it's maybe time
for you to go away you're on blast motherfucker leave jeff behind your life's been fine mission
accomplished just go don't talk to him no more make him feel bad make him feel alone it's what he
deserves when he calls me on the phone and says can you please put me on blast motherfucker i'm glad
you asked blast rhymes with ask so i cannot be unblast okay but you'd be sorry you asked well
let me sorry i asked or glad i asked motherfucker why don't you use an indian toilet to wipe your
ass because it's just a hose there's no paper dude fuck you all right all right so does that
explain it so being put on blast is you trying to wish that both of my parents were dead well
that's not yeah it looks so rude it's it's kind of like it's kind of like throwing shade blasts
aren't controllable i mean there it's not like a controlled demolition is that it's not being put
on bullets i didn't put you on like a clean osha standard like collapsing of a skyscraper
that there was a city supervisor present for i put you on blasts robert weren't you on grandma's
virginity justin reyland's uh podcast yes point i believe a couple times yeah yeah what was that like
slightly more professional than this really yeah was the room is big though this is a bigger room
right bigger room much bigger room yeah good good much bigger room but did they promote your new
comic book no definitely not oblivion song oblivion song by robert kirkman and lorenzo
da felici oh my god he's italian he says i don't think it's racist to say that based on what would
you say it like that if you don't read his book you you may wake up dead i was just in italy they
do all talk like mario they do whoa no i'm just kidding let's go is that is that bad is that no
no no i i was on the internet today no that was a wall of impression like i was impressed
like that's it is it is exciting when you go to a foreign country and they actually like you meet
somebody and they actually do like the thing that you would think would be stereotypical
like i was in a car i probably said this before a long time ago in Harmontown but i got into a
car when i got to like naples i was driving and we were talking and he's like how many people live
in uh in los angeles i don't know like 25 million he goes mama mia and i he was in the front and i
was in the back and i'm looking at him like is he is he fucking doing this am i on camera just do
that for tourists but he gave he actually gave me a full on mama mia and then i was in paris and i
got off i got a like a few for real oh la la they really fucking say it they say they say oh la la
in italy in paris in paris yes that's where they say it yeah in italy they say mama and that's
they say mama mia in italy italy yes and then they say in france they say oh la la so bloody
song is a science fiction comic book yeah all kinds of great stuff in it it's super cool so why is
these doors march 7th i don't see any what's so hypnotic about the oblivion song and in china
they go oh hell no i don't see any zombies in here no zombies no no i decided that they don't
come in till later all right well let's give it a chance try to change it up a little bit i mean
i'm in a rut but i'm not what's the logline on oblivion song can you can you reveal that oh the
logline is terrible uh no it's a complicated idea but it's basically there's like 300 000 people in
philadelphia that get uh sent to another dimension basically a large land mass in philadelphia
transposes with the large land mass in another dimension and then uh our main character uh
nathan cole is a scientist who is tasked with uh trying to rescue those people but when our story
takes place it's been 10 years they've stopped finding people they've lost funding and he is
still going over there and uh doing it because his brother is lost in that dimension so he's
going to get his other people from the other dimension now populating that part of philadelphia
there's no people in the other dimension it's a very primitive uh uh alien world with like monsters
and all kind of stuff it's got some monsters rolling around yeah yeah and so they're going
where it did 10 years ago and they've all been cleaned out and there's like a museum and stuff
they're walking down to the strip and getting some fucking promoting brothers and fucking
that's Pittsburgh sorry it's like a land of decay and if your mouth is a land of decay you should
brush it and the way that you can ensure your brush won't go soft uh as you use it at which point
it becomes so ineffective that most dentists say you may as well stop hit yourself in the face with
a hammer then keep brushing with your expired shitty target toothbrush go to the good the good
people at quip uh they mail you a new toothbrush had every fucking statistical period when you
need it now it's it's a millennial toothbrush it's time to put gingivitis on blast yeah
you know quip is the toothbrush of choice that oblivion song headquarters oh really yeah keep
your mouth out of it you and frit fritt and end of the league you guys that's not okay yeah it's
kind of it's not okay to call him fritt and end his name is lorenzo i saw somebody it's fritt and
italian uh there's no way that uh annalisa leone your colorist is related to leo leone the famous
children's book author who left us i don't believe so yeah it's probably a common name yeah yeah
it's just leone's like growing on trees over in italy yeah probably so how many issues do you have
and what what what uh i mean how many do you how many what character are people going to be cosplaying
at the next comic con oh boy uh there's a cool character named keith that comes in an issue
three that looks awesome are you going to be right back on the monthly schedule where you're
just like i gotta write an oblivion song this month yeah i mean we've actually been working on that
book in secret for almost two years so that you know i can keep on the monthly schedule without
wanting to kill myself that's awesome uh we've we're working on working on issue 12 right now
but issue one comes out in uh on march 7th and so we're basically a year ahead of schedule
is your 11 year old smart yes would you tell me if he was stupid yeah he's not listening to this
yeah i would just ask you to edit it out later right right as he is he like is he a nerd he is uh
yeah i mean he plays the video games he doesn't do the sports and how old's the daughter uh she's
eight will be nine so they're both like asking a lot of questions about the birds and clouds and
stuff not really they're answering my questions about birds and clouds and stuff but uh no i mean
they're you know they're very creative uh my my daughter what don't you know about birds and clouds
no i'm just i'm just saying they really i don't know they're know-it-alls they're like yeah they're
not coming to you how aware are they of your like celebrity status are you like like what like the
the role you play in that part is frustrating i mean they're very aware i mean much more aware
now that they're in school because the other kids in school like hear things from their parents or
older siblings or whatever and so like my son comes home from school and is like oh i hear uh
you're pretty uh pretty popular and i'm like what are you talking about eddie van halen's
kid says my dad's some kind of mucky muck exactly well there was one cool there was one day where
he came home and he was like dad the the middle school kids found out who my dad was and they
were talking to me it was totally awesome like all these like 13 14 15 year olds were talking to
him and so he was like the king of the school for a day so that was nice but but yeah they uh the
frustrating part is like i was on the conan o'brien show and so uh i go uh i'm totally on this talk
show you guys should watch the segment and uh and i put them on the couch you know because
if i was a kid and my dad had come home and been like i'm on television i would have jumped up and
been like what are you kidding me like holy crap you know i would have lost my mind and my kids
like yeah okay whatever and then i turn it on and they're like okay can we go do we have to
watch this whole thing i was like oh what the hell like they don't they don't care well they're
probably either they don't care because you're enough without that which is it's normal to that
right like they're like oh yeah they've seen you on yeah g4 i've been on talking for 30 years yeah
they're like we can here at Harmontown give you a beat and you can put your kids on blast right
now if you want that would go horribly just i want to i want to make that offer to anyone out there
listening we will put your kids on blast if you come on the show um you can tell us whatever you
want about it we'll put them on blast for you so you don't have to be guilty of it um cook your
own meals robert would you be comfortable with dan putting your your kids on blast sure please it
would be an honor give us that beat right Kirkman Kirkman kids go on blast all right what what are
their names what are their names i'm not telling you my name all right well i'll make them up i'll
make them up all right this this one goes out to zander and uh and heather kirkman
wait wait wait oh god okay that was yo you zander kirkman you think you're all that because you
don't want to sit through a conan segment what's up with that fucking be appreciative when when i
was your dad's age i had to walk up hill both ways to get a fucking guest spot on a talk show
fucking zander zander kirkman kind of name is that fucking oh well i guess that's your your dad
picks the names i'm kind of putting him on blast okay well all right all right well you have a
dumb name zander uh and also you're ugly on the inside and uh you're uh you're interested in school
are miss uh miss miss misapplied like you think soccer is cool because you're uh you're you're
not seeing the big picture you're gonna regret it and uh uh uh what how come you haven't told your dad
uh about your interest in musicals let's move on to heather uh nice hair
maybe a couple too many ribbons you think people are gonna think you're protesting too much
if your if your hair is enough why so many ribbons it's not a gift
uh and and that and that uh that that uh that that that uh uh austin powers impression you keep doing
people are just pretending it's funny because you're eight heather kirkman yeah update your routine
heather uh but it really wouldn't be putting two kids on blast if i didn't follow it up with
i think to go to their instagram and shit on them yeah uh it's zander kirk underscore 69 real nice
i don't approve of that one and heather uh heather heather doodles uh underscore
brook's best friend underscore tendon befriend underscore i mean i feel bad for these kids they
have to keep they can't not all the names are taken now but anyways go put her on blast a couple
of assholes those kids yeah i mean you're on blast they they're gonna have to straighten up their
act now after hearing this that'll be good for them i think yeah yeah i'm gonna make them listen
to this every morning when they get up yeah i'm gonna wake them up with this and i'm gonna change
their names to zander and heather they're better than the ones they have they didn't like the coding
segment they're gonna love this yeah uh yeah i guess i if the middle school kids thought they were
famous because you're you when they find out that they're on blast from Dan Harmon it's gonna really
oh my god take it over the edge i guess i regret not having kids uh you know no you don't yeah i do
no because you still can you wish you had a couple eight-year-olds running around the house to put
on blast yeah yeah well i noticed like like kids like they kind of like they they do like when
they're really young they kind of laugh at sillier characters that my friends don't laugh at anymore
you know like like what like i can just go like uh mr i'm mr arm waiver and then like a three-year-old
and be like that's amazing and that wears off at five when we just tell you i know but then you
i imagine you come up with new shit right no no all right well then i don't want kids but uh you
want a dumber audience you could find a dumber audience i cannot trust me you just got to have
dumber material uh i have you tried puppets i have a niece i've never raised races puppets
she's like i don't know what my niece is right now anybody go to my brother's facebook is that
bones his niece yeah bones is weird if i knew yeah i would yeah bones is nice hilarious your niece is
seven oh my god i think she's like full she's like a full i'm such a fan dan i'm sorry follow
your brother's instagram she loves dinosaurs she plays violin that's what i know about my niece
well that's at least 13 she's been playing it for a while it's not like a phase and it's like
she's overpraised i think she's good at the violin yeah start on like a real small violin
i'd probably assume so like this i've never had kids so i don't know how it works
let's just start with the smallest violin in the world believe me if i ever have a family
they're all gonna need to be virtuosos in the world smallest violin i will come home with complaints
that a Schrab would do that a lot my mother she'd go like this here we go you know what this is
i can't i can't imagine people doing that in real life oh god yeah that was that was uh that's
yeah i feel like it only works once too that's why that's not in the drop house you do that to
someone it's kind of like you know what this is this is about the the violin world yes here's
something i don't understand the violin move on yeah it's already sarcasm but then it undercuts
itself by being genuine sarcasm i'm playing the world's smallest violin for you it's like when
people say i could care less well thank you for caring more than you do yeah it should be the i'm
playing the world's biggest violin yeah yeah like you always say like it's sarcasm but it's a small
violin you've shrunk it down like your sarcasm is i can't even see it i think it comes more down to
not not the people not understanding the like irony is that most parents are really bad at
spacework so like if you did right that's what i was gonna say you couldn't that requires more
calorie you couldn't do it too close to a hug it would open you up to a hug from your fucking
abused child to play the world's largest mind violin it would be too close to hugging them
you pieces of baby boomer shit ruined our kind of my kids do you ever do you ever find yourself
using some of those like parents greatest hits on your children like smallest violin or i used to
walk uphill both ways everything you touch turns to shit yeah um why don't you write us a story
about a little boy that gets caught playing with matches and lives to regret it when's the fourth
season coming out uh your your sister doesn't exist bloody lips all the time why are you complaining
what kind of thing one of those i'll give you something to cry about yeah this this this room
is a mess um i'm about to i'm gonna tear it apart using a vacuum cleaner as a blunt instrument
because i'm shit faced i'm going i'm gonna i'm gonna use a vacuum cleaner like a fucking
dothraki broadsword to symbolically make your room messier than it ever could have been uh
all right jeff uh here's your leg warmers i'm taking you off of the baseball field
because it's jazz dance class time and i said that in front of all of your baseball team
do you ever use that one in your kids i have used that one but it was basketball not baseball
okay why it's it's it's parallel stop asking me questions about looking for mr goodbar i can't i
don't know where to store these books if it's not in your bedroom wait i don't that one i don't
get that one very specific what's the what's the mr goodbar one i thought these were parental
classics that we were doing that's the one with peanuts right yeah are the peanuts they're too
small to be peanuts they're like little they're a piece of peanuts mr goodmark is is yeah it's
milk chocolate with like very sickly like peanuts that were rejected from atrophied they're holding
companies like they didn't make the payday cut yeah this is the fucking the the shit that fell
through the payday sieve it's peanut laundering that's what mr goodbar is sweep the floor at the
payday factory yeah that's what now you're a bit to the mr good you're a mr goodbar you piece of
shit yeah thanks for being a worst peanut ever you fucking we'll call it mr goodbar and no one
will know how bad the candy bar is that's what tater tots are tater tots they were they were
they're making french fries and there's all these little like shaved ends and there was just all
there was all this potato debris they kept just throwing away or getting true sitting like pig
farms and like a cattle feed and some genius goes hey let's fucking throw some oil on that
shit and put them in a little weird barrel shaped cylinders and they're fucking like little potato
hot dogs it's it's the it's potato debris and and it's great it's what it's that's why they're
like the underdog of the potato world they're pretty good the only the only peanuts that are
worse than mr goodbar peanuts are the ones that become crushed nuts like that they use as
condiments can you imagine what those fuckers did wrong this black panther movie is really like
burning up the charts you guys see it you see this everybody's talking about this black panther
i haven't seen it yet but people are saying it's really burning up the charts i'll tell you this
much when the armored rhinos come out you get ready yeah you go see it yeah oh man i haven't seen it
it's my favorite part this movie apparently doing so well that that's a new saying called burning
up the charts it's burning at the chart people are really saying i like that people are really
saying that it's burning all that shit people are really saying it's burning up people are people
are saying it's been burning up the charts it's burning up the charts it sounds like a bad movie
that was to burn up the top 10 yeah but this is a difference it's it's a good movie that's burning
up the charts and in fact what's the number can you give us the top five on the on the burned
burned up charts like who else is burning up the charts right now number number five black panther
starting at the charts number four getting a little medium hot black panther again is uh
number three getting lukewarm is black panther number number two here comes black panther
getting this whole thing getting hot and now number one black panther completely burning up all five
slots of the charts go to the top marvel's burning up the charts it's a good movie people are telling
me it's good movie sounds like black panther's burning up the black panther only charts people
are starting to say that yeah people are really starting to say that it's becoming well known
armored rhinos that cool yeah it's fun you've seen it is that a spoiler am i going to be
bummed out to know oh spoiler you're gonna you're gonna be like oh that's why they keep on setting
up all these rhino horn shaped doors the protagonist is an armorer who keeps making
all these strange hieroglyphs about a beast there probably is some poacher justice porn in it right
because it takes place all in africa in lakanda like which is a oh there's no poacher that like
has like a just a vibranian weight fall on his head while he's like about to shoot an elephant
i guess they touch on human trafficking you think porn hub has a porn number as a tag for poacher
justice of course poacher justice porn poacher justice porn probably see the poacher stuff for
the sequel yeah go ahead drop a beat don't drop a beat i will pick it up and put it it's what kanda
is a is a african nation that has they had like an area 51 style crash or something so they had
they had started that way they had early access to vibrania yeah for the beginning of society
they kind of have it so like they've always evolved with this kind of better technology in theory
that's why they're they're like future future style it's a fun idea great great can anyone explain
the the thing because i all i see all i all i'm catching third fourth fifth so societal hand is
the idea that that detractors of the movie that are obsessed with that like pointing out that
wakanda is not real i don't quite i don't understand is that it is that just a is that just a thing
that people are pretending that people care about or is there like an actual like why does that
what i'm just it's a weird one i don't weird one to pick for superhero movies oh that place
isn't real why is that why isn't it a place to go i can't suspend my disbelief on a place name
i've never heard of gotham is that well whatever i guess i just have a bunch of rhetorical
questions that were probably just fan flames let's hear the top five top five questions top
five Dan Harmon's top five rhetorical question number five starting with number three oh
shit well are you asking that because you want africa to be worse off than it is number two
are you worried africa will get a good rap number five uh i i have you noticed the total
absence of a hogwarts in your neighborhood number one number one are you racist just say
you're racist and we can be friends and i'll have a racist friend like i will just get through
your white racism i'm i'm an alcoholic i we all have problems great question number four
does there even need to be a number four
yes there does that's it well yeah it was meta that was good is there ever any meta
moments in walking dead comics does uh doesn't even ever look at the uh panel camera and go
make see the more like uh every issue you're not going to like the next page
yeah like just to the camera i did do a thing recently uh i'm going to spoil recent issues
of walking dead just so i have something to talk about um because uh uh well just just stop listening
if you don't want recent issues they get out of the present i know that well no they come to a new
community and and machone who's a character that's been in the book for a very long time finds out
that her daughter is alive she walks the she walks the she's the one who learned the technique of
cutting off their jaws and walking them around as a as a walker camouflage that is her uh and so uh
so she she finds her daughter and it's like two straight issues of all positive like happy cliff
hangers and she's reunited with her daughter and it's all happy cliff hangers yeah it's all good news
because there's you know it was like 175 so we've done 174 issues where all the cliff hangers are
all just misery right you know like this guy's getting his hand cut off and then you're like this
guy's mom finally ended one where someone's shaking a gift box and it sounds like a puppy but it could
be a kitten and then it's a puppy and they're like hey and so i was convinced that people would be
pissed off and so when when we revealed that the daughter is actually alive she works at a bakery
and she comes out holding a cake and she sees her mother who she's thought was dead for the last
many many years live in the zombie apocalypse and she drops the cake that she's holding right so uh
so i was like if people really hate this they'll say that instead of the comic jumping the shark in
this issue they'll be like this is the issue where they drop the cake right and i was trying to i was
trying to create my own like right like nuking the fridge you know but i give people a happy cliff
hanger is a hopeful cliffhanger that's that it's a it's a you can still have a cliffhanger but
it can be hinged on hope it's kind of an interesting concept because correct me if i'm wrong but a
hopeful cliffhanger actually is you're still laying uh it's just a question of whether you're
saying oh shit something horrible right did happen we'll see you next week or saying oh
shit i just found out my daughter is alive but i haven't talked to her yet tune in yeah and well
and hopefully after you know 15 years of the walking dead when i present a character like
machone with a living daughter the audience is going oh man is she gonna die soon like is this
gonna get taken away is this gonna get ugly quickly like you know hopefully people are
having those worries we'll see maybe they're the walking dead the readers the viewers you
don't even like tv just say it say that they're the people that read the comic book are the walking
dead the people that or no wait i'm sorry they're the they're the walking the reading dead they're
the good they're the no they're the normal they're the reading humans the people who watch the tv show
they're the viewing dead i got drunk sorry that's fine i don't have a passion for television but i do
love it i love working on it i mean i'm not gonna be completely negative uh about the whole thing
no no i love my viewership dan oh no no no we're all fantastic people none of them ever
annoy me on twitter not even a little bit nobody ever nobody's ever uh tweeted at robert kirk
read it with a with a uh thought about the ninth season of your empire going through my twitter feed
oh that's smart oh that's great oh that's uh that's uh that's insightful oh wow i go yeah i hadn't
thought of that they're right i should have shipped those two characters my favorite thing i gotta
say my favorite thing i don't know if you get this on twitter uh often i will get someone that says
i have great ideas for the next season of walking dead follow me so that we can dm yeah i like i get
i get i get i get i get like there's an urgency to it i gotta need to talk to you and i can't tell
you what i need to talk to you about it's about rick and morty please dm me or follow me because
i this is nothing i can say in public right i cannot tell you my spoiler alerts where someone
else could see them for the same reason i will sue you if you do what i say i can't say anything
right now uh i do i can i'll sound like a dick for a minute just to give you some cover um he needs
this doesn't it frustrate you sometimes when people don't like understand what we do to the
point where they feel like they need to give us ideas what a dick it did for you're being such a
dick right now sorry you said hey can i be a dick right now sorry something really like thoughtful
oh it's it and he was he was nice about it all right i'll try harder these assholes think they
can give us ideas it's like we like what's the idea that we can't get to what the hell it frustrates
the thing that frustrates me is uh and i swear to god it what it was for altruistic reasons
because it was like more like well i weep for our children kind of thing it was frustrating to me for
a while now i'm jaded but it was frustrating to me for a while when 20 mid kids in their mid 20s
otherwise known as grown ass humans um uh like who clearly like have successfully been conned by
the society that i grandfathered into like into thinking that television is like a
a water or gas company or something that's it because they simply have a problem with the
temperature of it coming out of their tap which means they're never going to create anything
and i know that i'm not as amazing as i am i know that the fact that i ended up in hollywood
making my own shit had must have had something to do with the fact that some point along the
line somebody told me in some way that resonated with me you know you could do it too you could
just do it and i feel like when i read i used to feel sad when i would read certain shit like
where i'd be like wow you think tv is toothpaste and you don't know that your parents buy your
toothpaste like you think that you're just mad at 25 that the tv came out wrong and you're not even
ashamed that you're saying like horrible shit to someone that you that is designed semantically
to provoke their suicide over the fact that something wasn't written by you because you
don't know you could write yeah and that used to make me sad but then i turned 45 and i was like
cha-ching enslaved population like then they voted for trump and then i was like stay dumb
fucking let me give me five years stay this stupid let me out of here i don't agree with
any of your social security checks while you're at it's braver than me i commend that i yeah but
i went when i was 30 when i was your age uh when my kid was only 11 uh i uh i i i would i would be
like this is such a bummer man like like like it's not that i'm smarter than kids that it's like
it's it's just like i had a school paper they don't have a school paper if they had a school
paper they wouldn't be saying this shit or they would have been saying it in the school paper
and you never would have seen it and they would have said it in school paper and it would have
activated them and they would have become a tv writer but instead they like go to like english
class and english classes here's how you pass your sat's maybe unless you're going into the funnel
that will take you to mcdonald's here you go oh you're gonna say um by the way enjoy watching
television which is created by a mysterious race of people in california that would no one has any
idea how they got out there but we don't know they're all liberal cucktards that just uh are
ungrateful and it's like and it's like no one at any point says to these kids in the hallway by
their locker by the way you could you could just move out there so you think you think that that
there's a there's a lack of awareness in the general population that they could be a writer there's
a lack of of creative arts education there's there was a genuine in general 20 year pullback
on in our educational institutions particularly the public ones of on one side um uh what do you
call it um because i don't fraternize with blue collar people but um the work programs the trades
the trades like the internships where you could be if you were gonna be a mechanic and you were
good at it high school wouldn't tell you you were a worthless piece of shit and you should go to rehab
they would tell you you could be a mechanic and like place you in a fucking mechanic job or and
then on the other hand also you if you're if you're gonna go to college but possibly maybe don't
know exactly what you're supposed to do that like oh there's a thing called poetry there's a thing
called fucking like thinking about shit there's there's plays there's a lot of poetry yes well
you don't have to fucking Schrab me i don't know what i'm talking about that's not what's
pointing out that i don't know what i talk about is it is a is a is a is a uh is a lazy hobby
robert kirk but at least you found one should i get a should i get a beard should i have a beard
oh i don't know should i get a beard let's do it try it go right now
right get the hose what if i just fucking like plato fun factory to beard out of my face i mean
i i would be speechless i would it would be wasted on a podcast yeah definitely well we do have
the cameras it's true it would be captured it make make a great gift i wonder when years would go gray
if you had one i'm getting pretty gray up here you can't really see it because my hair's kind of dark
but it's getting it's getting gray and why are we really sad i get i get the gray nose hair and a
gray chest hair and i gotta i have a gray nipple hair over here that that was very distinguished
yeah i think you're distinguished i don't know if you're gray nipple hair if anything your gray
nipple hair is a quitter i gray hair makes you distinguish the gray hairs themselves let's not
let's say i got the feeling that the other nipple hairs were looking at that gray nipple hair like
where would it go a nice try jack yeah exactly yeah give us thank you it's good to be on the same page
once in a while i love when you're drunk robin you you haven't taken any out of all you just had
fuck yeah i'm just swimming i'm just shredding life's water what are you talking about what are you
gonna go to the edge of the pool all right why are these floaty things around me i'm trying to do
a robot Thanksgiving day uncle over there you just just freestyle i'm gonna i'm two minutes from
cleaning my ear with a car key and unbuckling my belt and just falling asleep in front of the
cranberry sauce car key work for that that sounds like i never tried it uh that was a
little Garry Shandling bit about like Thanksgiving is like yeah geez dad what are you trying to start
your head but now you got those fobs you can't even do it anymore you got those square fobs
yeah that that that joke's not universal i don't even have a car i just stick a knife in there now
oh boy oh man just keep drinking please just like that i finally save us rob i'm not joking
save us pour yourself a finish what you got in there well my hands are tied robert robert
we have dnd coming up i want drunk ass are you all uh are you all zombied out i mean do you
recommend any kind of new zombie kind of stuff are you just like i'm so i'm so sick of zombies
i can't see it or do you do you like check out what like is there some new kid like in Jamaica
making some crazy zombie stuff that you're just like you gotta check out this Jamaican kids doing
some really like some revolutionary zombie stuff you gotta check it out i got some i got a thumb
drive full if only i had my finger on the pulse of all the new zombie stuff going on yeah there's
this kid no jamaica his zombies are i re yeah it is yeah it's a twist i do still enjoy zombie uh
zombie stuff i i just recently uh rewatched uh day of the dead which is classic great um very
excited about that it had been far too long wait the uh the classic or the remake the oh the classic
i i did did you i had seen the room i've been obsessive about the day of the dead i was like i
would tell people like that's that's the best like the Romero trilogy it's so great that it builds
from work a day schmucks in a black and white house going like what the fuck's happening
to the next tier of civilization which is these slightly more privileged cops and and reporters
like holing up in a shopping mall and then that the culmination is this like oh my god this isn't
even life anymore it's scientists and soldiers they're literally buried but the but the only
thing i noticed because i kept telling dakotio is like you gotta see like like first i gotta i gotta
show you these first two movies and then i i kept telling her like yeah the day of the dead and
it's like it's the best it's like in a bunker and it's like crazy and then i watched it again i felt
a little embarrassed in the eyes of the person i was trying to indoctrinate because i was like oh
i forgot there's no zombies in this one like day of the dead it's not it's they come in at the end
and plenty all right well it's got the good it's good i can't tell if you're high-roading me or
medium-roading me you're helping me you're trying to help me out yeah no but you shouldn't have felt
bad my the most fascinating thing about day of the dead if you guys don't know this is that uh that
wasn't the movie that georgia merrow originally wanted to make he there's a different script
that you can find online for the original day of the dead that was like this massive movie that
had different people live on an island and well he eventually did that right the he never did that
movie he did another movie that took place on where they're the sky rise and the zombies learned to
land of the dead yeah yeah yeah there was some material i think from that that ended up at land
of the dead i think the dead reckoning was in oh was the i thought i thought i'd yeah i thought that
it's been a while since i've read it wasn't wasn't didn't romero like say like there were certain
zombies that they were actually being used as weapons like they were had different colorings on
them or do you know yeah like certain zombie i think they were trained to do different things
there's a lot more bubs in the original right right right yeah yeah i mean i think i think like
romero's obsession was with the idea that there was an evolution happening yeah like which i would
say like you know like but i'm not i'm not i'm not my favorite aspect it's it's it's like i don't
need that it's sort of like the wakowski siblings like being in just parts of the matrix trilogy
that you're like oh you look you've earned the right to be obsessive about this but you know when
colonel sander starts you know him and hawn on stuff i can't understand well i can someone just
wear sunglasses yeah somebody i'm not smart enough for this i think that i think that comes from the
fact that like night living dad was originally like conceived by russo and and dred romero as
a sequel to omega man like the idea was supposed to be let's let's do because we liked last man on
earth the the vincent price one and if you watch last man on earth at night living dad they feel
like like one's a prequel but like at the last minute well not at the last month they said well
we can't do that let's let's choose a different it can't be vampires let's make them zombies and
they'll eat people instead of doing uh uh drinking blood but in the omega man like the the the the
vampires were slowly taking over the the world and becoming the dominant species so that's kind of
like what i think he was doing with the zombies the zombies were taking over and they were coming
their own dominant species and the humans were going to be in a sense it's also then a prequel
to uh daybreakers with steven dwarf all right wasn't that with uh it was about the girls that with
the ski masks and the spring break that go down and it's rob places you know james franco that's
spring breakers not daybreakers is vampires have taken over and they have like a it's a it's a future
vampire society where vampires are the dominant species and humans are it's a very Schrabby thing
like i'm pretty sure you probably have seen it yeah um ski patrol it's not ski patrol i've named
the movie three times now have you seen daybreakers wedding crashers god damn it all of you daybreakers
it's eating hot drinks drink your drink drink your drink damn vampires are people you know but
i've actually seen them but have you had i don't want to get into your politics a bit but like you're
like you know it's like like when you watch day of the dead i left my making america green again
had at home but go ahead and they've got that like you know that plotting synth score and then
she's got to go to her meeting with the soldiers it's like isn't that the dread that that scene
and it's early in the movie it's like basically it's the call to adventure because there's nothing
left anymore and it's just the there let's have a meeting and the soldiers are like i want to know
what the fuck is going on and i've got the fucking guns and what the fuck are you eggheads doing and
you know and it's like you're just in a lab coat it's so you it's like it's the liberal nightmare
is like i like oh yeah okay the world's gotten so shitty that you control it and you're a horrible
person and i have no idea what you're gonna do i only know what the zombies are gonna do and we've
gotten pretty good at controlling them and we'd like that comfort to continue it's a very resonant
for today moment that that conversation because it's like no good guys or bad guys because if you
strain the dumb part of your brain you can relate to the soldiers too they're like give us some results
we have a bunch of assault rifles should we not be like maybe going and finding a new bunker
when when she goes down when they're like we got to get out of here and they're about to leave and
they go down and uh and nicotero's head is on the on the and he's doing that they find that and she
finds the tape recorder and he's going it's my buckling father you know when frankenstein is
doing all the recording and then she freaks out like oh no oh my god no i never really understood
what was your interpretation of that moment yes somebody this is the best use of robert kirkman
of any podcast i hope no i i i can't remember exactly what he says but it it's mine the big
father it's mine stop stop it father i put it away father remember when yeah i don't know they're
kind of vaguely implying i know the scene i don't think i ever understood what i didn't know if it
was somebody said oh he's fucking the zombies in the butt yeah i always thought there was some kind
of one really really really but honestly i think that is the cinematic akam's razor because why
else is that recording a plot point yeah and i think that if you write backwards from the um if
the answer is it's a revelation that the doctor is fucking the zombie in the 70s the way you'd hear
that is a plot device on a tape recorder would be a bunch of weird improv about like
daddies and as opposed to because it wouldn't be like yeah if your zombie ass feels so good
am i normal living dick that's so tight because it's fucking dead and cold it would be like it
would be it would have to be veiled all right by robert kirkman i mean if that was it would have to
be veiled like oh he's perverted and perverts talk about their talk about daddy you know while
they're doing nasty stuff but what's the alternative explanation is just that he's he's crazy or just
that he's yeah i think that her thing is she's like oh god we've been i've been defending him to the
soldiers this whole time and he's batshit insane he's out of his mind yeah but i would say if that's
true double beat yeah i'm gonna do it because he's been fucking the zombie she knew that he was off
you know he was she was impatient with him too she just was like she's like a doctor what are we
gonna do the fucking soldiers are getting worse than the zombies and and he's like civilized more
data that's like civilized so wait yeah if if there's a change in story direction as she's
implying with her shocked reaction it maybe maybe it's because i'm limited but it almost seems like
it could only mean that she's finding out he was fornicating with the chained up zombie
i feel like there must be another option but yeah i think you might be right i also want to say i
hope that's i wish that wasn't true because i find that again as with the like whole bub evolution
i find that stuff to be totally like not at all what's appealing about zombie mythology like i i
just don't you know Schrab and i've talked about this endlessly but like it's just like the 70s
had it nailed at a certain point because it was like they're just a sea of death they're stupid
they're slow not that i mind the new run post 9 11 running zombies that shriek like bobcats and
leap from rafters it obviously works for us too and it has its own resonance and either
or situation i mean sometimes i like the movies where they're running and i like it in that movie but
i mean i prefer the slower ones but it's not like oh these movies suck but the idea that the living
are the wild cats the living are the problem because they're living the living are are unpredictable
the living are in and of themselves capable of ruining everything by pushing one button either
in a conversation or on a switchboard whereas these fucking things have perfect order they have
the american dream slash the russian dream slash like the immortality like and like oh my god they're
gonna get us but none of them are gonna high five each other or you know and it's like that's why that
bub aspect of romero's dream always that distracted me too because i was like i don't i know i'm
supposed to like jump up in the theater and go one of them used a gun or learn to use a doorknob
like like not at all to me the point but yeah i mean i think uh i mean that's one of the aspects
that you know entertain me and you know engage me to the point that i actually did the walking
dead i love that zombies by and large are a manageable threat you know if you and an
explorable one i mean you've explored them in so many ways that because you got to just like
right and right you you've got to think over and over again we'll get sick of it eventually but
but but it's only a matter of time now it's you know it's it's fascinating to think about this
you know unrelenting like sea of danger that's out there and you know if you keep your wits about
you and you plan well you can do fine but yeah i'm gonna retire like i'm gonna retire i'm gonna
have that death where that doesn't end in that one shot where you go and your intestines are dragged
apart like a taffy bar i'm gonna be the one human being left that doesn't i do i do i do like my
other favorite thing since i'm this drunk is the beginning of dawn of the dead the 70s one where
it's just like it's such a freaky no not the apartment building that stuff's creepy fun tv
station it's the tv station that she's she's waking up what's her name poly i touch it's
it's just like it's that she's the eyes in and it's just i love that the black and white one
they worshiped the television because if the television could just tell us what was going on
and where we should go and then they worship their one car and it's like this perhaps unintentional
but spot-on resonant cultural thing of like it's black and white it's it has its roots in old
school classic horror films but it's fucking so raw and powerful because it's just fear and it's
just like there's a black guy in the house it's almost a bigger problem than there's dead people
outside eating brains and the young people understand that that's counterproductive and the
and the guy with the control of the hammer and nails doesn't and and that if we could just get this tv
working oh the tv's like oh the tv gotta we gotta get it working and that the idea that you fade in
on the sequel at the tv station and it's full color now and it's like it's 70s and everyone's got
bell bottoms and smokes weed but like you're pretending that the narrative just they work in
television where you're learning that this is the apocalypse will not be manageable by anybody
all right sorry i'm sorry to your children i'm sorry to our listeners have you seen train to
Busan no i'm not oh that was really awesome that was really good it's uh it's uh korean i believe
zombie movie it's it's really great i recommend that they keep making good zombie movies i i'll
be the first person i could easily just go like too many zombie movies zombies are dead no pun
intended but like it's it but i'll watch i keep watching them and then it doesn't it's almost
like it's like road movies you know it doesn't matter that there's a thousand of them it's like
like like there'll just be some swedish zombie movie going waves though i mean there was like
we didn't see zombie movies for a really long time and then they came back and then it's like
vampires you know it's like like undead stuff it goes like i mean why do you think that is that
like what is it about society that makes us fascinated with like the undead and living
dead like that for like an amount of time and then we move on to something else i don't know i mean i
think it's uh i don't know you like you got like one that's like super popular you're like a 28 days
later yeah and then that big gets like a land of the dead a dawn of the dead remake and a bunch of
different stuff and then it becomes so popular that they start making crappy ones and then people
are like let's let this rest for a couple months yeah and then then they come back i feel like
that's the cycle i don't think there's any kind of like societal like oh i like feel guilty about
all the horrible things that we're doing overseas and to get iphones and these are
the dead people coming to get us there's no living nightmare i don't think i don't think most people
are aware of all the things we do to get iphones i don't go to like like a lot of action movies or
like um what the hell you say superhero movies or zombie movies whatever black panther is really
burning up the charge top six top six oh boy thanks to uh it is a weird genre that's become a giant
thing like there's this inundation of like like zombie stuff like that's that that is weird that
there's so much of it well it kind of is verging on into the ninth season of walking dead and the
900th indie movie about like well my relationship's not going that well because there's a zombie attack
like it's it as many shitty ones as there are sure it's kind of verging on the hip hop thing where
it's like you wanted to say like if you were waiting for it to be over that rap was a fad and
that it's like at a certain point you just went this is a genre this is not a thing this is not
something and it's like i i think it's just that we don't have a healthy uh it's our our technology
means conquering death in in a in a in the get it out of your living room way and so it's like
although vampires will always have their um attraction they'll be rooted in as has been said
since the silent movie days that it's there's a sexuality there it's about them being humans that
uh seduce and attract and manipulate and things and then there's these there's werewolves but
we don't werewolves were popular for like a the tiniest stint and it's like that's like a jekyll
and hide thing where it's like oh i i'm fascinated with the idea that we can all at the drop of a
hat turn into a fucking horrible hulk monster that it just wants to eat your face it's like
it's like it's not a it doesn't take off the way saying everyone's dead everyone that touches you
will make you dead then you'll be dead but you'll never be dead because you can't be dead you'll
just want to make other things dead you're you're a consumer in a in a sea of consumption and you'll
just want to consume and for all you know aren't even if you're not already one of them don't you
wish you were aren't they winning isn't it just it's just it's been the non-stop like it's like
waves of it come and go but it's like mounting in its appeal as a genre it's almost like 30 years
from now there'll just be zombie channels zombie zombie you'll just be a i gotta get on that
but no i mean i think one of the things that does give zombies an edge over werewolves and
vampires and things like that is that you know those stories are always about a person who's
become a vampire a person who's become a werewolf but you don't do stories about the zombies every
zombie story is about the people in the story and the zombies just window dressing so the genre
i think lives on because you can be like well there's some soldiers in iraq and they're doing
this and then zombies show up you know there's some people at a baseball game and new york and
zombie show like you take any story lachi's looking for buried jewish gold during world war two and
then zombies come out of the cup yeah it's aliens invade and then zombies show up but zombies are
also or at least like the stories that you tell was zombies are also kind of involved in the stories
we have in general anyway right it's like there's still you're trying to find food shelter safety
it's like it's it's like all the the fears we have about real life apply more with zombies like
someone randomly could just kill you like if you go outside it is dangerous you actually do
have to go find food to survive otherwise your kids will end up dead like it's it's a very extreme
version of like all these years is not working especially all this capitalist stuff though right
like the idea it's like we there is no more infrastructure like there are no more gas stations
or refineries that like like that i think are these fears that come naturally out of like living
living under the shadow of alliances with the with the with a group of people just for survival
could be the thing that kills you that was the thing about donna the dead that was get really
scary is that like how quickly the system fails you know when this this weird thing that no one
can explain or take care of happens and everybody turns against each other and you don't trust anybody
and it's like you know like the cops are shooting each other because they're going crazy zombies
zombies don't have garlic they don't have uh wooden stakes you have to put through their heart
i like they're thwarted by locking the door which is our kryptonite because it means we have to be
with each other it's like fucking great yeah i mean it's uh it's a sartra especially with donna
the day of the dead it's like like the real threat is is the people inside that are like ready to
shoot you because you're not pulling your weight or or they just want to or they're just like or
the people that lose their minds and open the door for all the others yeah yeah you think an
argument could be made the next time you do a panel maybe you could mention this sure you were
about to get sick and tired of zombies and we really brought you back we kind of we kind of
made another three seasons of walking dead Harmontown saved the walking dead i think so i was definitely
on the edge but now you guys have got the wheels turning this was sort of an it's the word it's a
wonderful word we're good till season 16 now yeah so that's good you're welcome to the people
listening that also were worried yeah rubbers had run dry and then i'm probably gonna need to come
do this show again in about four or five years so i'm sure it'll be here i'm as you know i am a
fountain of enthusiasm about my own work uh what time is it we have uh we have about ten minutes to
go until we've talked through an entire two hour show yeah it's nine fifty so really we're kind of
we went too long you know we went too long we're ten minutes shy this feels like we've only just
gotten started we're supposed to play dnd at the end we're not going to get any dnd all right well
i'm sure sponsors probably can i can i can i can i can i do a little segment right now um yes i i
asked uh last week i think uh Schrab went off on lolly my dog put lolly on blast lolly is rob's
dog my dog that i love very much what was what's that what was that made lolly so crazy like i think
it was like have you like the dog did wind up dog or something like that a toy dog do you ever
you ever take like uh like a toy dog that's like walks around and barks and you put it next to your
dog and and they experience the uncanny valley and just like a what the what the fuck man what is
so rob rob robbed a big like kind of like awesome beautiful kind of petty jf ski monologue on this
and uh i asked some of our listeners would they please put this to music and i think we have
there are there are like multiple great ones but we have we have one of them tonight uh zack you
want to lay that on we're not talking about fruit infuse waters we're not talking about that
jeez what is what is this what is this thing what is this what is this thing it has no soul
what is this what are you doing turn it off get away from me get away what is this what is this
what is this thing what is this what is this thing it has no soul what is this what are you doing
this is unbelievable i'm 40 and you should be so grateful so so so grateful of what i gave to you
45 because i could cut the head off and replace it with a pop singer and and i'm going to and i did
and then they sucked too but it's like i like what are you like like i like i like i like
who cares just let me make a show just let me make it what are you waiting for a good idea for a show
in your mind you're a fucking idiot you're looking at me jeez what is what is this what is this
what is this what is this thing it has no soul what is this what are you doing turn it off
get away from me get away what is this what is this what is this thing what is this what is
this thing it has no soul what is this if you're blue and you don't know what to do turn you
about i go potato party you suck you don't make tv why are you in charge this is insane just give me
tv money give me tv money i'll make a good tv show i tend to i'm a storyteller take your
fucking silver platter half of it's in my ass what's what's the uh what's the meeting with the goddess
in the mr potato head movie he finds out he can be mrs potato head what is what is this what is this
thing what is this what is this thing it has no soul what is this what are you doing turn it off
get away from me get away what is this what is this what is this thing what is this what is this
thing yeah it's halfway done no soul what is this fucking goddamn musician i know exactly what mr
potato head would do wow that's incredible so move over black panther now there's something else
what about the charts i think that was by russ hillier if i'm getting that right h i l l i e r
well done russ that was that five years to my life that was really amazing really i'm i'm
weeping with joy right where can i where can i get that i want to listen to that russ hillier's
sound cloud master right well we'll have to put that up on the um on the harmata website or in the
in the tweets about it i just think of one thing polite and patient just hanging out and listening
to this don't you don't i enjoyed that what are you talking about me but don't do what you're doing
you know what you're doing and don't do it excuse me what the fuck man don't apologize to my guest
for what how he was against because i just thought of an amazing thing let's get a load of this oh
yeah hey robert kirkman uh 900 episodes of the walking dead nine seasons uh 100 a season that's a
lot of people walking around going to different places like that prison i remembered yeah uh
spencer dungeon master always dealing with a bunch of uh dumb survivors like walking around
this is your chance is there anything you want to ask him about uh how do you how do you world craft
i thought it was a great i think it's a great connection i this guy's got to come up with
dungeons of his own i i'm i'm i really like no adderall lots of vodka dance it's making me pretty
happy so uh i've kind of turned to build cosby like like minus the hopefully the i'm just like
except you're drugging yourself
that's responsible yeah you have any question you want to validate my as a dungeon master
no questions i gotta that guy asked that how do you world craft all right all right all right
okay all right it's not you know i do a lot of jogging i tried that i'm all sometimes i'm not
getting ideas i'll stand on my head the truth is that the two of you funnel the ideas down into the
brain you know where the blood is yeah if you watch this show called sherlock you ever see this show
it's like a modern like sherlock you ever see that you know what i'm talking about like a lady
watson right a lady watson like a lady watson oh is that the other sherlock that's elementary there's
too many sherlock shows yeah there are about sherlock that lady watson now that's got the hobbit
watson hobbit watson okay sherlock didn't they do like a sherlock where it was like set not in modern
times but sherlock times i thought i saw him like it was like a one of them stunt episodes or something
like that it was all it happened to his head but it did happen right those are always great in his
head yeah i love it when things happen you should do that on walking dead do a sherlock episode i
didn't want to say i was watching a horror movie today uh i love it when people have nightmares
in horror movies and that that's part of the rules of the horror movie because uh i'm watching a movie
because i love caring about dumb boring people's dreams that's why you watch why you watch these
horror movies like horror movies where people like go to sleep in a cabin and then we need a scare we
need an extra scare your dreams are oh god what movie where you like the monster eats your dreams
okay go fuck what's what movie what movie were you watching i'm not gonna shit it why not because
put it on blast because those because whatever kid made the shitty netflix horror movie i just
watched netflix there's a clue hey we're up we're almost there was called the ritual zack put a
beat on for for for boozy dad i was gonna watch that bring this there oh jesus christ that's a bit
loud they're probably the next duffer brothers and i don't want to fuck shit on them so you're
saying the ritual i want to fuck shit on the devil brother the people that they don't you like it
you like us what are you what are you saying i heard it was good give us a beat it's a cool
monster it's a really cool it's almost 10 o'clock put the show on blast we're gonna we're gonna put
the whole show all right yeah give us that beat zack zack McKeever you got a beat for us we'll just
sit here how about when he does that we'll just sit here and say nothing was there any do that
how about when dan does that we'll just sit here do nothing you can rap too you can how about that
would that help would that help oblivion everybody else sat here order it through diamond distributors
bring it to your local shelves keep this kid off the street please go shit don't go your way all
the time when you're robert kirkman trying to make time all the time but this show needs to go on
blast motherfucker this show's ass needs to get blasted my name is mr wrap i'm here to put you
on a blast thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody are watching Harmontown
Dan keep keep blasting okay i'm gonna i thought that was a vote of no confidence in my blast
putting it is i'm gonna outro but you blasted while i say thank you everybody drunk dan keep
blasting some people need to crack yes robert kirkman from the walking dead everybody look out
for his comic book oblivion song gonna put them on you get the first one coming soon but he's
already got 12 on the bank go real fast quip toothbrushes don't go on blast let's thank
Zach serrano and chris suction cup on your speed levy kevin church or rob strobe is always underutilized
but always appreciates don't don't give them that thank you thank you only jeff the game master
who we played no games with tonight Spencer Crittenden in the voice of reason thank you for
reasoning this world i've been your cop trailer jeff davis nobody here is on blast but the show is on
blast your mayor i gotta put my own you need to see no heroes right now yo so you're fat in 45 if you
dare put it together for your mayor Dan Harmon oh yo i don't do it for that in fact if you clap
you'll get punished for that the self-appointed bill cosby of rap yo i don't need any connection from
you this black panther have like a catchphrase before a panther somebody he says it's time for
justice it's time for justice happy cliffhanger they really says that says it's time for justice
thank you all that fast take chances for justice are panthers famous for keeping track of time
no they're famous for justice dispensation like all heroes yeah panthers panthers aren't heroes
they're panthers yo but all heroes want justice so why does he say it's time for justice that's
what i would expect cuckoo man to say because he's black panther all panthers are heroes but not
all heroes are panthers thank you no thank you it's not complicated thank you thanks rob
did you get any of that